#meta
### Motivations for annotations_to_md.py
- Problems with the Zotero + Zotfile workflow:
	- Zotfile extract annotation feature:
		- Too slow (can take half a minute per PDF). I want it *now*! At most 2-3 *seconds*.
		- Too fragile. Can get stuck with processing a PDF for no apparent reason.
			- Resolved by converting PDF to a compatible version, but makes PDF unreadable.
			- Also, do I really want to waste time converting PDFs?
			- Zotfile no longer properly maintained... A similar issue has been open since 2020
		- Cannot extract links from text.
		- Manual copy-pasting required to create markdown files

- Context: My workflow:
	- I often read PDFs using my phone / tablet:
		- Sometimes don't have the luxury of a workstation (e.g. on the bus)
		- Sometimes just lazing around on the couch / bed
		- Highlighting with my finger is more comfortable than using a mouse
	- I often read webpages that I print out as PDFs:
		- Highlighting what I read improves retention
		- Highlighted text can serve as notes for my Zettelkasten that I can later refer to
		- Products like Pocket cost money and cannot be integrated with Obsidian
		- I sometimes don't want to keep the PDFs in my file system because it takes up space quickly
			- Sometimes I want to refer to the source material because printed PDFs can have display issues
	- I sync my Obsidian stuff with my phone / tablet using Google Drive

- Solution: Implement my own (automated) annotation to markdown workflow
	- Setup 4 directories in the same directory: 
		- Unread: PDFs I want to read but haven't annotated
		- Read: PDFs I have annotated and want to convert
			- Place `annotations_to_md.py` in this directory.
		- Archived: PDFs I want to archive for annotation reference
		- Annotations: Markdown generated by the `annotations_to_md.py` script
	- Run the script.
		- It will generate markdown for every PDF in the Read file, and copy the files into the Archived folder.
		- For any links you have highlighted, it will also create PDF files for those links in the LinkedPages folder.
	- Once everything checks out (the markdown, the PDFs in the Archived folder etc), you may remove the PDFs from the Read folder.
	- annotations_to_md has its own command system which you can interface with by calling these commands using PDF comments.
		- These commands are listed at the top of the script file.